DOCS-9312 - Step Functions installation page reorg (#25867)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/step_functions/redrive.md

---

> title: Retry or redrive AWS Step Function executions

Reviewer: The reason for the edit on this section is that `retry` for Step Functions is a complete separate concept from Redrive. We shouldn't mention it here since the term `retry` will confuse our customers.

further_reading:
    - link: 'https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/redrive-executions.html'
      tag: 'AWS Developer Guide'
      text: 'Restarting state machine executions with redrive in Step Functions'
    - link: "/service_management/app_builder/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Datadog App Builder"
---

> You can [redrive][1] executions to continue failed AWS Step Functions from the point of failure, without needing a complete state machine restart. You can do this directly within Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page explains how to [redrive][1] executions directly from Datadog to continue failed AWS Step Functions from the point of failure without a state machine restart.
```

> You can retry any execution that is being monitored or [redrive][1] executions to continue failed AWS Step Functions from the point of failure, without needing a complete state machine restart. You can do this directly within Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [redrive][1] executions to continue failed AWS Step Functions from the point of failure, without needing a complete state machine restart. You can do this directly within Datadog.
```

{{< img src="serverless/step_functions/redrive.png" alt="A visualization of a failed Step Function execution." style="width:100%;" >}}

## Enable redrive within Datadog

> To enable using redrive within Datadog, configure an [AWS Connection][3] with [Datadog App Builder][4]. Ensure that your IAM roles include policies that have permissions to allow executing a Step Function for the retry action (`StartExecution`) or redriving a Step Function for the redrive action (`RedriveExecution`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable using redrive within Datadog, configure an [AWS Connection][3] with [Datadog App Builder][4]. Ensure that your IAM roles include permissions that allow executing a Step Function for the retry action (`StartExecution`) or redriving a Step Function for the redrive action (`RedriveExecution`).
```

## Usage
To take action on a Step Function in Datadog: 
1. Go to the [Step Functions][2] page. 
2. Find the Step Function you wish to redrive.

> 3. Open this Step Function's side panel or State Machine Map.

Reviewer 2: Is it obvious how to do these things or should this step describe the specifics?

> 4. Click on the **Failed** pill to open a redrive modal.

Reviewer 2: I assume there's another step here, like clicking "redrive" or something to actually fire it off?
